Add info about airgap + upgrades (#297)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/upgrades/manual_upgrade.md

1. Download the desired version of the rke2 binary from [releases](https://github.com/rancher/rke2/releases)
2. Copy the downloaded binary to `/usr/local/bin/rke2` for tarball installed rke2, and `/usr/bin` for rpm installed rke2

> 3. Stop the old rke2 process
> 4. Launch the new rke2 process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Restart the rke2-server or rke2-agent service
```

I frequently run into new users who are confused by the docs and just end up running `rke2 server ...` in their terminal and can't figure out how to keep it running when they log out.
